[docs][joy-ui] Revise the Color Inversion page (#39306)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/main-features/color-inversion/color-inversion.md

## Motivation

The Joy UI [global variants feature](/joy-ui/main-features/global-variants/) provides a consistent set of values for the `variant` prop.
However, depending on the design, they may not fit perfectly, like in the right-hand side example, where the Card parent variant overlaps with its child components.

{{"demo": "ColorInversionMotivation.js"}}

- On the left, the Button variant is `solid`. Given the Card wrapper hasn't a specifically defined variant value, it renders its default one, which is `outlined`, making the design work well.
- On the right, the Card uses `solid`, disrupting the design's hierarchy and contrast.

> The color inversion feature tackles precisely this type of situation conveniently, preserving the meaningfulness of each global variant.

Author: That's mostly it, yeah! I might change _semantic_ to _hiearchical_, though — it's more about their priority level.

## Overview

> When color inversion is enabled on the parent component, all children components will invert their styles regardless of their color prop to match the parent's background by keeping the same hierarchy of importance based on their variants.

Author: That's super good, indeed!

## Motivation

The Joy UI [global variants feature](/joy-ui/main-features/global-variants/) provides a consistent set of values for the `variant` prop.
But these variants can sometimes cause quirks when the same styles are applied to both parent and child components.
Check out the two demo cards below to see how things can go wrong:

{{"demo": "ColorInversionMotivation.js"}}

- On the left, the Button variant is `solid`, while its parent Card is the default `outlined`, so the design works well.
- On the right, the `solid` variant is applied to both the Button and the Card, disrupting the design's hierarchy and contrast.

> Joy UI's color inversion feature prevents this kind of situation from occurring, while still preserving the hiearchical meaning of the global variants themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Joy UI's color inversion feature prevents this kind of situation from occurring, while still preserving the hierarchical meaning of the global variants themselves.
```

### Trade-offs

- If the surface component contains just a few components, the style sheet size of the CSS variables might be bigger than customizing the styles of each child.
- It doesn't work with browsers that don't support [CSS variables](https://caniuse.com/css-variables).

## Usage

### Supported components

> All the surface components, including others like the Alert, Card, Drawer, Modal Dialog, Menu, and Sheet, accept the `invertedColors` prop for their `solid` and `soft` variants.

Author: Good call!

{{"demo": "ColorInversionSurface.js"}}

> ### Portal popup

Reviewer: I think this is more clear

```suggestion
### Exceptions
```

> Color inversion does not affect the popup slot of the Autocomplete, Menu, and Tooltip components by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Color inversion does not affect the popup slot of the Autocomplete, Menu, or Tooltip components by default.
```

> To enable it, on the `slotProps` prop of these components, set `disablePortal` to true.

Reviewer: This is a tricky sentence!

```suggestion
To enable it, set `disablePortal` to `"true"` using `slotProps` on the respective child component, as demonstrated below:
```

{{"demo": "ColorInversionPopup.js"}}

> 

Reviewer: I would be pretty intimidated by the example above if I'd never seen `slotProps` before, so I think we should link to more info

```suggestion
:::info
To learn more about the concept of component slots and slot props, visit the [Overriding component structure](/joy-ui/customization/overriding-component-structure/) guide.
:::

```

Author: Great call, felt the same — calling out this concept outta nowhere felt abrupt.

> ### Turning it off on a specific child

Reviewer: I think I actually liked the earlier version a little better. It's hard to come up with a good term to describe what this is doing, but I think "skipping" the child makes sense in my mental model of the concept.

```suggestion
### Skip inversion on a child
```

> Add the `data-skip-inverted-colors` attribute to the child component you want to turn color inversion off within an inverted container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `invertedColors` is applied to a parent, you can add the `data-skip-inverted-colors` attribute to a child to prevent that child from being inverted.
```

{{"demo": "ColorInversionSkip.js"}}

### Apply color inversion to any parent

```js
import { applySolidInversion, applySoftInversion } from '@mui/joy/colorInversion';
```

> Use the `applySolidInversion` or `applySoftInversion` utilities to add color inversion to any parent component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need color inversion for a parent component that isn't [supported by default](#supported-components), you can use the `applySolidInversion` or `applySoftInversion` utilities to add it to any component that contains children.
```

> The Card component, for example, already uses it internally if containing the `invertedColors` prop.

Reviewer: When skimming, it wasn't clear to me at first why the Card component was being mentioned here

```suggestion
(This is what the supported components use behind the scenes when the `invertedColors` prop is applied.)
```

> The examples below show how to use it with either the `sx` prop or the `styled` API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples below show how to use these utilities with both the `sx` prop and the `styled` API:
```

#### With the sx prop

{{"demo": "ColorInversionAnyParent.js"}}

#### With the styled API

{{"demo": "ColorInversionAnyParentStyled.js"}}

## How it works

> Color inversion adds CSS variables to the component using the `invertedColors` prop or the apply utilities. There's no [React context](https://react.dev/learn/passing-data-deeply-with-context) involved in this feature.

Reviewer: Why does it matter that there's no React context involved? Is it just because it's better to do things with CSS rather than JS when possible? Or is there some other reason?

Author: I would assume it's a simplicity value — this being pulled off without JavaScript seems like a value. But it's definitely something @siriwatknp can better inform us! 🤙
